PBM-1043 PITR node priority (#190)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/features/point-in-time-recovery.md

       enabled: true
     ```

> The `pbm-agent` starts [saving consecutive slices of the oplog](#oplog-slicing) periodically. A method similar to the way replica set nodes elect a new primary is used to select the `pbm-agent` that saves the oplog slices. (Find more information in [pbm-agent](../details/pbm-agent.md).) 

Reviewer: `A method similar to the way replica set nodes elect a new primary is used to select...`
This is from technical perspective correct on very high level, when we go into technical discussion (not detailed one) this statement is not valid.

If we want to keep it and make it correct, this can be the way to express it:
`A method similar to the way replica set with defined node's priority elects a new primary is used to select ...`
If it sounds too complex I would omit it completely, so it's up to you.

Reviewer: Yes, that's right, in that case it is valid. So I am find to keep original version, I was reading it wrongly.

Reviewer: But again after I think more, it is wrong also in case when node priority is not explicitly defined. E.g. mongo will never elect hidden as primary, but PBM will choose hidden as oplog slicer. Also underlaying protocol is completely different, which made initial confusion to me. Imo, that comparison is not in place anyhow.

Reviewer 2: I do agree with Boris, this comparison is irrelevant here, can we remove part about "method similar to the way replica set nodes elect a new primary"? PBM agent is just randomly selected among nodes with the same priority either they are default, or user-defined.

If the new duration is shorter, this triggers the `pbm-agent` to make a new slice with the updated span immediately. If the new duration is larger,  the `pbm-agent` makes the next slice with the updated span in its scheduled time.

### Adjust node priority for oplog slices

!!! admonition "Version added: [2.6.0](../release-notes/2.6.0.md)"

> By default, the `pbm-agent` to save oplog slices is selected randomly across secondary replica set members. The primary node is selected last, if none of the secondaries is responding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to the PBM v2.6.0, the `pbm-agent` to save oplog slices is selected randomly across replica set members. All nodes have an equal chance to start oplog slicing. 
```

Starting with version 2.6.0, you can control from what node to save oplog slices by assigning the priority to the desired nodes via the configuration file. For example, you can ensure that both backups and oplog slices are taken from the nodes in a specific data center as defined in the organization's regulations. Or, you can reduce network latency by making backups and / or oplog slices from nodes in geographically closest locations.  

Node priority for oplog slices is handled similarly to the [node priority for making backups](../usage/start-backup.md#adjust-node-priority-for-backups), yet it is independent from it. Thus, you can assign a different priority for backups and oplog slices for the same node. Or, adjust only the priority for oplog slices, leaving the default one for backups. 

PBM then handles both processes according to their priority.

The default node priority for oplog slices is the same as for making backups:

> * arbiter or hidden node - priority 2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* hidden node - priority 2
```
We can't take PITR from arbiter
